recordedBy


CURRENT (DarwinCore) 

http://rs.tdwg.org/dwc/terms/recordedBy
Definition	A list (concatenated and separated) of names of people, groups, or organizations responsible 
		for recording the original Occurrence. The primary collector or observer, especially one who 
		applies a personal identifier (recordNumber), should be listed first.
Comments	Recommended best practice is to separate the values in a list with space vertical bar space ( | ).
Examples	José E. Crespo. Oliver P. Pearson | Anita K. Pearson


PREVIOUS (HISPID 3) - http://plantnet.rbgsyd.nsw.gov.au/HISCOM/HISPID/HISPID3/H3.html

Primary Collector's Name(s)
Transfer code: cnam
TDWG Short name: COLLECTOR

Description: The name of the person or persons who made the collection from the wild on which this record is based, 
		and whose collection number is cited in the next field (refer Collector's Identifier field).

Relevant standards: ABIS, ITF, TLR

Domain/Range/Values: any valid collector's name, primary collector's family name (surname) followed by comma and space (, ) 
			then initials (all in uppercase and each separated by fullstops). All initials and first letter of 
			the collector's family name in uppercase. For example, Chambers, P.F. For exceptions to this format, 
			refer Comments (below).

Comments: 	The collection number of the record (refer Collector's Identifier) is regarded as being assigned by the 
		primary collector of the material (as cited in this field).

If more than one primary collector is associated with the collection number(cf. Secondary Collector's Name field, below), 
then the names of these collectors should be cited in this field, with the comma and space used to separate these multiple collectors. 
For example, Tan, F., Jeffreys, R.S.

If necessary, the first and or other given names should be spelt out when there is a known chance of confusion. For example, 
to distinguish between Wilson, Paul G. and Wilson, Peter G. (with a space after the given name; no punctuation, except as 
separator between two names, as described above).

If only one person collected the material from the wild, as represented by this record, then the person's name must be 
entered only in this field.

Titles should be omitted.

If the family name (surname) consists of a preposition and a substantive, as in many European names (eg. C.G.G.J. van Steenis), 
then the preposition is in lowercase and the substantive has a Capital first letter. The remaining letters are in lowercase. 
Names of this form should be transferred as follows:

cnam "Steenis, C.G.G.J. van",

Other examples of similar form include: de la Salle, d'Entrecasteaux, van Royen. However, it is important to note that many 
of these names have been anglicised, particularly in America, such that both parts of the family name are treated as the substantive. 
In such examples, these names are to be transferred as follows:

cnam "De Nardi, J.C.",

The prefixes O', Mac' Mc' and M' (eg. MacDougal, McKenzie, O'Donnell) should all be treated as part of the substantive and hence transferred 
as part of the family name. For example:

cnam "McKenzie, V.",

Hyphenated given names should be tranferred as all uppercase, with the first and last initial separated by a hyphen (without spaces), and 
only the last initial terminated by a fullstop. For example:

cnam "Quirico, A-L.",

cnam "Peng, C-I.",

ABIS includes all collectors in one field in the format: surname, comma, initials. This is not followed in the HISPID3 standard.

If the collector of the record is unknown, then this field should contain the value 'Anonymous'.

Interpreted information should be enclosed in square brackets, eg. Anonymous [? F. von Mueller]

The use of a personal herbarium is admissible here: eg. Anonymous (Herb. J.M. Black).